how to put a staircase because turning
difficulty level of hammer delivered in
two elements ready to assemble the stopover
rotating yaakaar can reduce
ground implantation the assembly of
elements does not present any real
difficulties but you have to get help
to lift everything when setting
place you will need a staircase
because turning with its accessories
wood glue of a little plaster or
prompt cement for two seals
concrete pegs and advanced head
of man provide you with a big
stepladder a meter from a pencil a
spirit level of a screwdriver of a
percussion drill with a hammer of a
set of 2c keys joined with a chisel
of a cattail with a trowel tongues
cat of a gauge predict a pair of
gloves and goggles for
install a staircase you need
have an opening whose
task floor ap the hoppers it's
the finished floor height to only finished which
account for buying your staircase in
up and down you need a
clearance of 80 cm minimum to access
at the stairs the height of the breakaway
is an important data for not getting
bang your head in passing
count between 200 and 230 cm for a
free passage
especially if you are sometimes brought to
to assemble furniture by the staircase
width of the hopper therefore corresponds to
that of the stairs and the length of the
hopper must provide enough
height to escape upon receipt of
bullets and the elements of your stairs
it is advisable to apply without
wait for a finishing coat on
all surfaces that will be hidden
after installation as the side of the
silt that will be pressed against the wall
locate the top of the stairs rests on
an assault solid attached to the opening
of the hopper
raise the thickness of the step then
removed this measure from the ground
finished tasks place and the tasso on
the markers check the position at
bubble level and trace its outline
mark the piercing points through
the heap jump with a tip or in
marking with the screws set breakthrough leakage
install dowels adapted to
support life is then securely the
tasso
if your hopper is lined with joists
screwing says aso is done directly
in the wood of the soul yves a to my
hole smaller in diameter than
vices facilitate screwing the set
arrival post
protect your soil with falls
wood placed on your flight is
to arrive so the point
anchor the arrival pole or to
the top secure the finish post with
lag bolt and washer seemed to fly
of arrival turning gap engaged the
trunnion and then assembled the two
elements of the stairs
ceret the assembly with the vices of
reminder present the stairs well in
lax of the hopper is raised to
several to spread the placed load
the good in support on the heap this support to
dairy products and check that it is
perfectly wedged
ground blocking on the first step of the
down draw the piercing points of the
squares loaded with block
later the bottom of the silt
the stairs back down the stairs time
to pierce the ground to engage the ankles
and vices and the ground squares fix
the staircase replace the stairs against the
shard and squares check that he
is well wedged and screwed for the
solidarize at the level of the pile saw vi is
also the bottom brackets against the
silt in order to complete the blockage at
arrival post lay the ramp on the
above the silt and present the cons
the arrival pole life it's
assembly
then finally fix the starting post
stick the caches the staircase delivered with
caches to hide the
screwed assemblies glued lightly
and in box and every cash
to the connection between car turning and
arrival shutters depressed a few
tips man's head the spikes
crosses the back of the riser
then sinks into the thickness of the
walking crows distributed under the
arrival volley complete anchor placed
under the bed my essence and the highs
walls for more discretion it is
also possible to put big
ankle and vi through the silt
to the wall
all that remains is to withdraw the
cardboard boxes on the steps and
your stairs near it's time to
apply the finish of your choice
a question a doubt a council
contact 0 800 10 634 634